docs: Adding disclaimers reflect the new monorepo setup (#791)
SAP/ui5-cli: README.md

![UI5 icon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/UI5/cli/main/docs/images/UI5_logo_wide.png)

# ui5-cli

> ⚠️ **REPOSITORY MOVED**
> 

> > The `@ui5/cli` package is now maintained in the [UI5 CLI monorepo](https://github.com/UI5/cli). This repository contains code up until version 4, with further development continuing in the monorepo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `@ui5/cli` package is now maintained in the [UI5 CLI monorepo](https://github.com/UI5/cli). This repository contains the code up to and including CLI version 4, with further development continuing in the monorepo.
```
